---
title: DJ Hifiprofessori - Mixcloud mix vol 10 music to make your ear bleed in pleasure
description: >-
 This is an artist/song list for DJ Professor Of Hi-Fi a.k.a. DJ Hifiprofessori Mixloud mix.
author: DJ Professor Of Hi-Fi
date: 2025-02-23 10:45:00 +0200
categories: [Mixcloud]
tags: [Songlist]
pin: true
media_subpath: '/posts/20180809'
---

[DJ Professor Of Hi-Fi Show vol 10 on Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/JohannesPirulainen/dj-professor-of-lo-fi-show-vol-10-music-to-make-your-ear-bleed-in-pleasure/){:target="_blank"}

The Gories - Nitroglycerine  
The Makers - I Just Might Crack  
The Drags - Cannibal  
The Mummies - Food, Sickles and Girls  
Dynamite Platoon - Bu Bu Bi Du  
Teengenerate - Shake, Rattle & Roll  
The Oblivians - Feel Alright  
The Devil Dogs - Big Fuckin' Party  
The Raunch Hands - I Live for the Sun  
The King Uszniewicz and his Uszniewicztones - Kung Fu FIghting  
Black Lips - Sea Of Blasphemy  
Knoxville Girls - I Feel Better All Over  
The Cramps - Tear It Up  
Dead Elvis & His One Man Grave - Graveyard Hop  
Tall Boys - Baron  
The Del-Gators - Move Mr. Man  
Les Sexareenos - Everybody Sexareeno!  
Country Teasers - Black Change  
The Phantom Surfers and Davie Allan - Sidewalk City  
Dead Moon - It's Ok  
Ariel Pink - She's Gone  
Jack Oblivian and the Dream Killers - Good Time Bad Girl  
Clone Defects - Stray Boy  
The Von Zippers - It Blows  
The Dwarves - Lick It  
Moron's Morons - Addicted to Homicide  
Reatards - Saturday Night Suicide  
The Cavemen - Lust For Evil  
TJ Cabot & Thee Artificial Rejects - Nowhere to Go  
Primitive Hands - Sunday Morning  
Zeke - All The Way  
Supersuckers - Creepy Jackalope Eye  
The Delmars - Shake It! Shake It! Shake It! Shake It!  
Fifi & The Mach III - New Race  
The Flakes - Shake/Hold On I'm Coming  
The Rippers - Right Time to Kill You  
Electric Blue Peggy Sue and the Revolutionions from Mars - All In the Family  
69 Eyes - Sugarman  
Larry & The Lefthanded - Shecome  
The Micragirls - Saturday  
Seksihullut - Apua! Mä Kuolen!  
Seksihullut - Tein Lapsen  
Isebel's Pain - Legalize It  
Festermen - Toelake Snakemen  
Gore Gore Girls - I'm Gonna Get You Yet  
Dukes Of Hamburg - Greensleeves  
The Dirtbombs - Underdog  
King Khan & The Shrines - Fool Like Me  